Add documentation on SCE content (#7309)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/02_building_complianceascode.md

And use the datastream with suffix `-1.2.xml`.

### Building SCE (non-compliant) content

By default, the build system will try to build XCCDF/OVAL standards-compliant
content. To enable SCE content, specify the `-DSSG_SCE_ENABLED=ON` option to
CMake:

```bash
cd build
cmake -DSSG_SCE_ENABLED=ON ..
make
```

> This will add SCE content into the datastream objects as well as create the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will add SCE content into the data stream files as well as create the
```
